CSS: Clarify JS relationship with :fullscreen (#29857)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/css/_colon_fullscreen/index.md

## Examples

> In this example, the color of a button is changed depending on whether or not the document is in fullscreen mode. You will need JavaScript to [request fullscreen mode](/en-US/docs/Web/API/Fullscreen_API/Guide). Once in that mode, no JavaScript is needed to style.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this example, the color of a button is changed depending on whether or not the document is in fullscreen mode. While JavaScript is needed to request [fullscreen mode](/en-US/docs/Web/API/Fullscreen_API/Guide), the selector and color change are CSS features.
```

The original makes it sound like you need JS to use this feature. This suggested edit downplays that.
